Update walkthrough-accessing-the-dte-object-from-an-editor-extension.md (#3151)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/extensibility/walkthrough-accessing-the-dte-object-from-an-editor-extension.md

    ```

> 4. In the `GetDTEProvider` class and add the following `using` directives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `GetDTEProvider` class, add the following `using` directive:
```
